feat: add monitoring demo (#325)
mosecorg/mosec: examples/monitor/readme.md

# How to build monitoring system for Mosec
In this tutorial, we will explain how to build monitoring system for Mosec, which includes Prometheus and Grafana.

## Prerequisites
Before starting, you need to have Docker and Docker Compose installed on your machine. If you don't have them installed, you can follow the instructions  [get-docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) to install them.

# Starting the monitoring system
Clone the repository containing the docker-compose.yaml file:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/mosecorg/mosec.git
```

Navigate to the directory containing the docker-compose.yaml file:
```bash
cd mosec/examples/monitor
```

Start the monitoring system by running the following command:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```
This command will start three containers: Mosec, Prometheus, and Grafana.

# Accessing Prometheus

> Prometheus is a monitoring and alerting system that collects metrics from Mosec. You can access the Prometheus UI by visiting http://localhost:9090 in your web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus is a monitoring and alerting system that collects metrics from Mosec. You can access the Prometheus UI by visiting http://127.0.0.1:9090 in your web browser.
```

`localhost` may be resolved to another IP.

# Accessing Grafana

> Grafana is a visualization tool for monitoring and analyzing metrics. You can access the Grafana UI by visiting http://localhost:3000 in your web browser. The default username and password are both admin.

Reviewer: Same for this address.
